fix(curriculum): CSS pseudo-classes quiz after audit (#58422)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-css-pseudo-classes/66ed9002f45ce3ece4053eb6.md

#### --answer--

They are keywords added to a selector that style an element based on its state.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which pseudo-class applies when a pointing device being positioned over an element?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which pseudo-class applies when a pointing device is being positioned over an element?
```

#### --distractors--

> It selects the first child element of a specific type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects the first child element of a specific type within its parent.
```

---

> It selects the middle element of a specific type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects the middle child element of a specific type within its parent.
```

---

> It selects every element of a specific type in a group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects every child element of a specific type within its parent.
```

#### --answer--

> It selects the last sibling element of a specific type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects the last child element of a specific type within its parent.
```
